okay stuff putting the stone in the
water you need to soak it in water as
you can see bubbles aren't coming out of
the stone needs to be soaked in water
I'm just going to try this sharpening
this kitchen knife see how it works the
knife is not very sharp right now and
I'll demonstrate it okay so here's the
knife before sharpening it I hope it's
on the frame as you can see I'm trying
to penetrate the paper okay it doesn't
work I'm more tearing by more tearing
the paper rather than cutting it okay so
this is the knife before they are
sharpening it now I'm going to shove it
putting it in this holder which is made
of out of rubber
okay and
now I'm working first on the one one
fell on the 1000 and this is the
movement that I'm making I'm not a pro
at this yet and I hope that I will be
but basically I'm guessing this is more
of using this stone and becoming you
know doing it right is about practice so
in time I'm pretty sure that I'll be
able to do it better than I'm doing it
now okay but for now this is the way I
did it
I've seen some some people use this
stone in a different way as some people
do this way
okay
so there you go one and two and three
basically I'm working trying to work it
does move a little bit as you can see
the rubber does move a little bit and I
might you know like do something fix it
some way I'll see I don't know if you
can see it but there is some some
material you know going out as I work as
I work the stone and it's perfectly okay
it's in the instruction that were on the
sellers page on eBay he said that that's
something that they will happen so
that's okay just keep on working it
like I think that finally older workers
fade out and as you can see the blade
now he's better entering a little bit
better than before it's still up good
see not perfect but it's getting there
you know now I'm going to try to see if
they're moving towards the we haven't
read is going to finish the job
okay so I'm not working with the 3000
great
the feeling of the 303,000 grid it is
totally different
it's almost as the blade is not doing
anything just sleeping and you don't
feel this you know anything is stopping
the blade from just sleeping on the
stone as opposed to before when I was
using it on the 1,000 I actually did
feel that there is some resistance and
that the blade is you know being being
grinded over here you don't feel it you
feel almost as the blade is just
floating on the surface of the stone so
just gonna give it the last few strokes
and I'm gonna test it and pretty sure
that this will finish the job stone
worked on the 1,000 and I worked it on
the sharpening sharpening it on the 1000
then I sharpen it on the 3000 and as you
can see there's some brown material on
the surface of the stone both on both
sides and I think this is it's basically
it's the knife is is really this gray
gray stuff is really the sharpening of
the knife it's the metal that the knife
loses to the stone looks like that and
it came it came out really nice I mean
the blade is cutting the paper really
nice as you can see no problemo I'm
happy with the way the stone is working
and it took me about 15 minutes to get
to this sharpness which is good enough
for me I mean I probably could get even
better but you know for a kitchen knife
it's good enough and that's it guys
water stone highly recommended if you're
into a nice and even if you want just
you know a good tool to sharpen your
kitchen knife nice and and it took some
practice I mean I paid I didn't just do
it this way
towards the end I also did it this way
you know and and basically worked it
that way and so on and eventually it
came out really nice
so thanks for watching and I'll see you
on the next video